{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18780\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 v4.0\
\

\b0 Bigger update with a whole lot of features:\
\'95 Changing delete account function\
\'95 Adding retweet feature\
\'95 Adding email verification\
\'95 Adding mention name to post headers\
\'95 Adding a media feed\
\'95 Adding spam filters for cloud code\
\'95 Increasing number of posts in the feeds to 40 per page\
\'95 Adding a private message button to the profile\
\'95 Fixing a bunch of annoying bugs.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 v3.12\
\

\b0 \'95 fixing a bug that could cause the creation of multiple conversation under bad network conditions.\
\'95 adding private message button to profile.\
\'95 increasing posts in the feed to 40 per page\
\'95 adding more spam filters.\
\'95 adding a media feed.\
\'95 adding mention name to post headers.\
\'95 fixing the UI bug in find friends cells.\
\'95 adding retweet feature\
\'95 changing delete account function.\

\b \
v3.11\

\b0 \'95 Likes and comments reappear correctly now. \
\'95 Connection errors are gone\
\'95 New highscore feed\
\'95 fixed mentions in posts not opening properly.\
\

\b v3.10\

\b0 \'95 Yet another fix for that weird disappearing messages bug. This is quite a hacky solution, but somehow Firebase has no feature where one can bypass the cache and directly query from the database manually. The bug should be gone for good now, 
\b given 
\b0 that no device not having the fix accesses the database. Otherwise, you'll have to keep an eye on the faulty conversations until everyone has the fix.\
\'95 Being mentioned in a video post and tapping on the activity should now properly take the user to the video post.\
\'95 Fixed positions of the tableview when showing ad-banner in find friends and popular view.\
\

\b v3.9\

\b0 \'95 
\b Hotfix
\b0  for a bug that would block loading likes and comments. \
\

\b v3.8\

\b0 \'95 Fixing a 
\b critical 
\b0 bug in the chat, I strongly advise you to adopt this update.\
\'95 Fixed a bug where additional blank spaces in the signup page and the edit profile page could trigger an 
\i invalid username 
\i0 error.\
\'95 Fixed a bug that only displayed the 100 first likes for a photo.\
\'95 Fixed a bug that made the app crash when a password/email user tried to delete the app.\
\'95 Fixed usernames to be case insensitive. Note that this might affect existing users.\
\'95 Fixed a bug that would make the app crash if one tried to delete a video.\
\'95 Find friends is now possible by searching the mention name as well as the full display name.\
\
\

\b v3.7\

\b0 \'95 Changed the \'84share\'93 style button to a more meaningful button in the photo details view controller.\
\'95 Fixed a bug where the app would crash after taking a video.\
\'95 Added AdMob to the project: banners are disabled by default, if you want to enable them, set the 
\i kESAdmobEnabled 
\i0 constant in the ESConstants.m file to 
\b true 
\b0 or
\b  YES
\b0 .\
\'95 Other minor bug fixes\
 \

\b v3.6
\b0 \
Cloud Code push notification bug fix. Invite friends crash fix.\
\

\b v3.5\

\b0 Small bug fix concerning the blocking feature.\
\

\b v3.4\

\b0 Updating the SDK\'92s to the most recent versions. The app is now again available from the new Firebase console. If you are still running your app on the old console, please simply migrate it over to the new one and follow the instructions from Firebase. The project is already running on the most recent SDK, so you don\'92t need to change any code to let your app run on the new Firebase console. \
All you need to do is migrating it over to the new console, downloading the Google plist for your app and exchanging it with the existing Google plist in the app.\

\b \
v3.3\

\b0 Introducing a blocking system for users.\
\

\b v3.2\

\b0 Minor bug fixes\
\

\b v3.1\

\b0 Updating to iOS10 and XCode8. There should be no problems using the app with the new opersating systems. \
\

\b v3.0\
\

\b0 Migrating over to back4app whilst using the open sourced Parse API. This is a quite elegant solution, if you want to adopt it, please have a look at the setup guide. You can still migrate over to your own Parse Server. More information is in the setup guide. \
\
\
\
}